fix: UserAgent databricks (#2123)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/connect-data/reference/databricks.md

</dd>

#### UserAgent Tag

<dd>

> The UserAgent tag identifies the client making a request, aiding in tracking and customization based on the environment. By default, the UserAgent tag is set as `Appsmith`, persisting even when not explicitly specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UserAgent tag identifies the client making a request, aiding in tracking and customization based on the environment. By default, the UserAgent tag is set as `Appsmith` and remains the same unless changed. 
```

> This is a recommended practice by Databricks, and the user agent tag would appear in the audit logs on Databricks for all queries executed from Appsmith Databricks datasources.

Reviewer: This need not to be in next line
